what is up YouTube ah the noobs are back
here's of case um who is this assault
battery 94 um well this is what happened
basically um he switched his call right
there as you see it uh at the end of the
match he he says he's mexican pride 1913
whatever the fuck his name is but anyway
i'm going to stop the commentary here
and I'm gonna let you guys see I lost by
the way and i'm uploading it still
because i don't give a damn okay mexican
pride 13 assault battery 94 whatever
your name is yeah you still would have
lost if I'm gonna hit you with my
submission hold buddy but anyways uh uh
stop the commissary here let y'all watch
the video peace that one vicious
neckbreaker
the punch connects
that will leave a mark
sincere is startling there's almost an
unknowing of what to expect he catches
them with the ax handle
in the knuckles connect
spear he got it again and the taunting
continues stairs
he comes in again and again the mind
games are played spanner too
we're in the feeling out process here
who's going to get the advantage and
maintain control intercept he knows his
opponent is completely helpless to
resist the submission hold
he gets out of the way and that series
ends in deadlock neither one of these
superstars can afford to get there
this
oh down goes the future man neckbreaker
again with the neckbreaker
gosh the future just got blasted back in
time and he doesn't one more time
I don't think so
and here's a cover it he gets the
shoulder up you can see the wear and
tear that this fight is taken out of
these men
the way holding his arm that could
signal some form of Marik damage
these look it away
he goes for the neckbreaker
you
oh the punch connects
mark
and another sphere
yes he's looking at it again
Oh after that you're not seeing stars
you're looking at constellations
see
can he do it
play my games yeah a little intimidation
there
with these two the scar good escape
neckbreaker
Floyd to his brain
where we go Lorraine
babe
a deadly submission hold this is we
might see a tap out right here
east
wins
you